1.B
2.C
3.A
4.A
5.D
6.D
7.B
8.D
9.A

10.Bayes' Theorem is a probability theorem which states that
	the probability for a condition(unknown) to occur given that
	another(known) has occured is obtained by multiplying the probability
	of known condition to occur given that the unknown condition
	has occured with the probability of the unknown condition
	and then dividing the resultant product by the probability
	of the known condition that has occured. 
	This is a theory for conditonal probabilities.

11. Z-score is a measure of distance of how far above or below the mean any
	given data point is situated. it tells how many standard deviations
	away from the mean is a data point. Z-score has a mean of zero and its
	negative to the left and positive to the right.
	

12. t-test is a statistical test that can be applied to test null and alternate
	hypothesis where one continious variable is being considered for the analysis.
	t-test can be either one-sample (for example analysing if the mean is below or
	above a certain point) or two-sample (where there is one continious variable 
	and one categorical variable which has only two classes). 

13. A percentile in statistics indicates the percentage of score that a given 
	value is higher or greater than. It divides a certain distribution 
	into two parts either below or above. for example, in a distribution 
	of company ranking, the company with the 65th percentile
	ranked better than 65% of the companies ranked.

14. ANOVA means Analysis of Variance, it entails the use of categorical variable to
	variable to predict a continious variable. it attempts to explain how much 
	an increase in an event will affect an increase in another event. it is a 
	study of how much means differ from each other.  It generates and tests the
	null and alternate hypothesis.

15. ANOVA help to obtain inferences from samples in cases were it is practically
	impossible to engage every variable in the testing. it reduces the cumbersomeness
	of computations for large datasets.