1.A
2.B
3.A
4.D
5.C
6.A
7.B
8.A
9.A
10.A Normal distribution is when the data points are almost close to each other 
	and when this is plot on a graph it results in a symmetrical curve also called the bell curve.
	This implies that the data points under the curve are almost equal on both left and right sides.
11.Missing data can be handled in various ways. some of which include;
	Completely dropping the rows containing those missing data
	Using the fillna() method
	Using the Replace() method
Depending on the nature of data available i recommend the fillna() method where the missing values can 
either be filled with the mean of the values within that particular column, or with zero, or with the 
mode of the column in the case of categorical data. 
12.A/B testing is a statistical method of comparing two versions which can be reffered to as version A 
	or  version B. First , critical success factors must be established and ten some parameters or 
	variables applied on the two versions so that their performance can be observed.
	Business apply this fpr their decision making processes.
13.Yes. Mean imputation for missing data is an acceptable practice.
14.Linear Regression in statistics is a model that applies the linear equation y=mx+c to analyze a situation 
	where the data points are not linear i.e they fall outside of the plotted line. hence the linear regression 
	tries to calculate the difference from the line to the points which is called errors. the Linear regression 
	equation then becomes Y = Mx + C + e where M is the slope, x is the independent variable, C is the intercept, 
	e is the error and Y is the dependent variable.
15. the two main branches of statistics are Descriptive and Inferential Statistics.Descriptive Statistics can then 
	be fruther categorised into:
		Measrues of Central Tendency
		Measures of Dispersion
		Measures of Position and 
		Measures of Frequency
	Inferential Statistics are further categorised into:
		Linear Regression
		Logistic Regression
		Analysis of Variance 
		Analysis of Covariance and
		Statistic Significance (T-Test)
